CE-720 Consul on Kubernetes: GKE Workload Identity (#1613)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/consul/v1.21.x/content/docs/deploy/server/k8s/platform/gke.mdx

  datacenter: dc1
  # Enables TLS across the cluster to verify authenticity of the Consul servers and clients.
  tls:
    enabled: true
  # Enables ACLs across the cluster to secure access to data and APIs.
  acls:
    # If true, automatically manage ACL tokens and policies for all Consul components.
    manageSystemACLs: true
# Configures values that configure the Consul server cluster.
server:
  enabled: true
  # The number of server agents to run. This determines the fault tolerance of the cluster.
  replicas: 3
# Contains values that configure the Consul UI.
ui:
  enabled: true
  # Registers a Kubernetes Service for the Consul UI as a LoadBalancer.
  service:
    type: LoadBalancer
# Configures and installs the automatic Consul Connect sidecar injector.
connectInject:
  enabled: true
```

</CodeBlockConfig>
</Tab>

<Tab heading="GKE using Workload Identity Federation" group="wi-enabled">

If you do use Workload Identity Federation (WIF) for GKE to manage access between your GKE cluster and GCP resources, you need to add an annotation to the Consul client service account. Replace `GSA_NAME` and `PROJECT_ID` with your GCP service account name and project ID.

> <CodeBlockConfig filename="values.yaml">

Reviewer: Add a line highlight to the GSA_NAME and PROJECT_ID Line.

</CodeBlockConfig>

> If you do use WIF, you need to add an annotation to the Consul client service account. Replace `GSA_NAME` and `PROJECT_ID` with your GCP service account name and project ID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use Workload Identity Federation (WIF) to manage access between your GKE cluster and GCP resources, you must add an annotation to the Consul client service account. Replace `GSA_NAME` and `PROJECT_ID` with your GCP service account name and project ID.
```

</CodeBlockConfig>

### Create a custom service account

> When using Workload Identity Federation (WIF) for GKE, the `consul-server-acl-init` container needs to have a custom service account that has the necessary permissions to query Google Compute resources. First, generate a GCP IAM service account definition using Helm template and your Consul values file. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using Workload Identity Federation (WIF) for GKE, the `consul-server-acl-init` container requires a custom service account that has the necessary permissions to query Google Compute resources. 

First, generate a GCP IAM service account definition using Helm template and your Consul values file. 
```

```shell-session
$ helm template consul hashicorp/consul -n consul -f values.yaml -s templates/server-acl-init-serviceaccount.yaml | tee consul-gcp-service-account.yaml
---
# Source: consul/templates/server-acl-init-serviceaccount.yaml
apiVersion: v1
kind: ServiceAccount
metadata:
  name: consul-server-acl-init
  namespace: consul
  labels:
    app: consul
    chart: consul-helm
    heritage: Helm
    release: consul
    component: server-acl-init
```

> Then create your Consul namespace and make sure your namespace name matches the one you will use to deploy Consul.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then create your Consul namespace and make sure your namespace name matches the one you will use to deploy Consul. By default, Consul on Kubernetes using the `consul` namespace.
```
